No
hi guys this is sandy the pains 500
subscriber special I decide to put music
in the background because quite frankly
I'm kind of tired I just woke up and I
don't know how good this narration will
be so metagross goes in and he's a
webcam and he's 18 plus but he has a
lung Barry and I might hit this breloom
tried to put me to sleep with a meteor
mash I have to go for bullet punch
because I don't really feel like being
put to sleep and he's gonna go back into
that Swampert so I figure hey might as
well set up my stealth rock since he's
i'm using going to now i'm gonna predict
this surf not really and going to
breloom yep so I look really smart even
though I kind of predicted an earthquake
I'm a sub fingering hey he's gonna fear
the seed bomb well changing the pain
doesn't play by the rules and he goes
for ice beam so I'm finally gonna be
like all right fine I'm spoiling your
ass so Swampert sleeps like Swampert
almost always does in every battle
Swampert always is sleep otter however
I'm gonna go for so because yeah and I
know this Garrett us is gonna be faster
but I'm hoping that he goes to break the
subs so that I can lead to seat him
however yeah he predicts that and goes
into rosary and I don't go for focus
punch because I don't want him setting
up spikes cuz I figured you know what if
he's a mid-game roserade he's gonna be
here setting up spikes so I wasn't
totally thinking clearly and I get hit
by hidden power fire twice but webcam
lives this shit and get to meteor mash
off bring them really low and again
attacked me so webcam is on top of this
he is turned on like he's powered on a
bullet punch takes out breloom he goes
into ape and I don't see much of a
reason to switch I figure you know what
I might as well get residual damage on
the shit and he's going to u-turn and I
didn't see
a thing on it but I didn't pay attention
to that because i'm lazy and I didn't
realize he was probably choice scarf
demanded so roserade comes in and I'm
gonna go for you turn and he predicts
that after leaving from jolteon
switching out gap okay and rosary is
done he's not gonna go into gyarados
against my sea horse who I was an
attempt at a horse noise Draco meteor
which he wasn't expecting and bam bitch
come out like the knockout bam okay so
uh I don't have anything to immediately
hurt this jolteon but I figure you know
might as well wear down so I switch in a
psychedelic because I know to
Thunderbolts will take it out so I'm
racking up some light bulb damage that
way Cesar ones bullet punch can take
this bitch out and yeah so I'm goin two
iron chef and i play too early because I
know he has a sleeping Swampert but I
was like why would you go into a
sleeping pokemon that's just silly but
again same to the paint doesn't play by
the rules so too much East is in because
he's been filled up with too much east
and now I'm gonna hit him with a willow
wisp and he has a surf if you had the
ice beam I'd be able to wall his ass all
day but that's not the case um Shadow
Ball on them on the Swampert surfs gonna
do a good amount I'll probably die in
two more surfs but right here Alex
fucking miss clicks and god damn it Alex
you're so stupid I don't know why click
I was watching some funny videos and I
came back it was like Willis wait no
he's already burned damn it so I would
have been able to take out the Swampert
into it but it no longer that doesn't
really matter the outcome I guess would
still be the same I'm gonna go to my
iron chef because I know that at this
point I can just you turn out freely
take him out and now going to my sea
horse he's gonna go into Infernape now I
figure out he scarfed I lived this close
combat finish him off with waterfall
and spoilers Caesar was gonna be able to
finish off guilty on after all the life
orb and stealth rock damage so great
game sand you the pain I really do
suggest you check him out here he's
French so uh je voudrais a Pokemon a
trainer ray yeah he probably won't be
happy about that broken French but it
was a good game comment like subscribe
and alex is out boobies